[HALIFAX-2025] - Initial PR (#14894)
devopsdays/devopsdays-web: content/events/2025-halifax/sponsor.md

+++
Title = "Sponsor"
Type = "event"
Description = "Sponsor DevOpsDays Halifax 2025"
+++

We greatly value sponsors for this community event. If you are interested in sponsoring, please  <a href="mailto:halifax@devopsdays.org?subject=Interested%20in%20Sponsoring%20DevOpsDays%20Halifax%202025">send us an email</a>.
<hr>

> DevOpsDays Halifax is a self organizing conference for practitioners that depends on sponsorships. We do not have vendor booths, sell product presentations, or distribute attendee contact lists. Sponsors have the opportunity to have short elevator pitches during the program and will get recognition on the website and social media before, during and after the event. Sponsors are encouraged to represent themselves by actively participating and engaging with the attendees as peers. Any attendee also has the opportunity to demo products/projects as part of an open space session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DevOpsDays Halifax is a community conference that relies on sponsorships. We do not have vendor booths, sell product presentations, or distribute attendee contact lists. Sponsors have the opportunity to have short elevator pitches during the program and will get recognition on the website and social media before, during and after the event. Sponsors are encouraged to represent themselves by actively participating and engaging with the attendees as peers. Any attendee also has the opportunity to demo products/projects as part of an Open Space session.
```

    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Logo on banner at registration area</td>
      <td>Yes</td>
      <td>Yes</td>
      <td>Yes</td>
      <td>Yes</td>
      <td>Yes</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Shout-out from MC's at kickoff and again at breaks</td>
      <td>Yes</td>
      <td>Yes</td>
      <td>Yes</td>
      <td></td>
      <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Dedicated logo slide during breaks</td>
      <td>Yes</td>
      <td>Yes</td>
      <td>Yes</td>
      <td></td>
      <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Logo on shared slide during breaks</td>
      <td></td>
      <td></td>
      <td></td>
      <td>Yes</td>
      <td>Yes</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Dedicated table in sponsor area (with chairs)</td>
      <td>Yes</td>
      <td>Yes</td>
      <td>Yes</td>
      <td></td>
      <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>15-minute presentation over lunch hour</td>
      <td>Yes</td>
      <td></td>
      <td></td>
      <td></td>
      <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>10-minute presentation over lunch hour</td>
      <td></td>
      <td>Yes</td>
      <td></td>
      <td></td>
      <td></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<h2>Special Sponsorships</h2>

> All special sponsors will have their logo displayed on the DevOpsDays Halifax website, a tweet before the conference, and a thank you during the conference. We do have some flexabilities with these sponsorships, so just ask! Email us: <a href="mailto:halifax@devopsdays.org">halifax@devopsdays.org</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All special sponsors will have their logo displayed on the DevOpsDays Halifax website, a tweet before the conference, and a thank you during the conference. We do have some flexabilities with these sponsorships, so just ask! Email us: <a href="mailto:halifax@devopsdays.org">halifax@devopsdays.org</a>.
```
```suggestion
All special sponsors will have their logo displayed on the DevOpsDays Halifax website, a shoutout on LinkedIn before the conference, and be thanked on stage during the conference. We have some flexibility with these sponsorships, so feel free to reach out with your request! Email us: <a href="mailto:halifax@devopsdays.org">halifax@devopsdays.org</a>.
```
